so this is 
.. 
..> this file got some editing done.
.. all over the place.
.. 
.. 
.. eventually, committed it and pushed to git. fine?
.. 
.. 
another file.


After editing this file a bit more, there are multiple changes:

Winnie the Pooh woke up suddenly in the middle of the night and
listened. Then he got out of bed, and lit his candle, and stumped
across the room to see if anybody was trying to get into his
honey-cupboard, and they weren't, so he stumped back again, blew out
his candle, and got into bed. Then he heard the noise again. 'Is that
you, Piglet?' he said. But it wasn't. 'Come in, Christopher Robin!' he
said. But Christopher Robin didn't. 'Tell me about it to-morrow,
Eeyore,' said Pooh sleepily. But the noise went
on. 'Worraworraworraworraworra,' said Whatever-it-was, and Pooh found
that he wasn't asleep after all.

'What can it be?' he thought. 'there are lot of noises in the Forest,
but this is a different one. It isn't a growl, and it isn't a purr,
and it isn't a bark, and it isn't the noise- you- make- before-
beginning- a- piece- of- poetry, but it's a noise of some kind, made
by a strange animal! And he's making it outside my door. So I shall
get up and ask him not to do it.'

He got out of bed and opened his front door. 'hello!' said Pooh, in
case there was anything outside. 'hello!' said Whatever-it-was. 'Oh',
said Pooh, 'hello!' 'hello!' 'Oh, there you are!' said Pooh, 'hello!'
'hello!' said the strange animal, wondering how long this was going
on. Pooh was just going to say 'hello!' for the fourth time when he
thought that he wouldn't, so he said, 'Who is it?' instead. 'Me,' said
a voice. 'Oh!' said Pooh. 'Well, come here.' So Whatever-it-was came
here, and in the light of the candle he and Pooh looked at each
other. 'I'm Pooh,' said Pooh. 'I'm Tigger,' said Tigger...

...Pooh and Piglet walked slowly after him. And as they walked Piglet
said nothing, because he couldn't think of anything, and Pooh said
nothing, because he was thinking of a poem. And when he had thought of
it he began:

    What shall we do about poor little Tigger?
    If he never eats nothing, he'll never get bigger.
    He doesn't like honey and haycorns and thistles
    Because of the taste and because of the bristles.
    And all the good things which an animal likes
    Have the wrong sort of swallow or too many spikes.

'He's quite big enough anyhow,' said Piglet. 'He isn't really very
big.' 'Well, he seems so,' Pooh was thoughtful when he heard this, and
the murmured to himself:

    But whatever his weight in pounds,
    shillings, and ounces,
    He always seems bigger because
    of his bounces.

